The town was neither big nor small, with more than six hundred households. Chen Ping'an was familiar with the doors of the poor families in town. As for the wealthy families with solid foundations, the threshold was high and the young boys from humble backgrounds could not enter. Chen Ping'an had never even set foot in the spacious alley where some of the rich families gathered. The streets there were paved with large pieces of bluestone, and even on rainy days, one wouldn't step into mud. After being trampled by people and vehicles for thousands of years, the excellent bluestone slabs had become smooth as a mirror.

The Lu, Li, Zhao, and Song families were prominent surnames in the town. The money for the village school came from these families, and they each owned two to three large dragon kilns outside the city. The official residences of the kiln supervisors were on the same street as these families.

Unfortunately, almost all of the ten letters Chen Ping'an was delivering today were to well-known wealthy households in the town. This was reasonable. Dragons give birth to dragons and phoenixes give birth to phoenixes, while rats give birth to rats. A distant traveler who could send letters back home must come from a well-off family; otherwise, they would not have the confidence to travel far. Among the nine letters Chen Ping'an actually went to deliver, he only went to two places: Fulu Street and Taoye Alley. When he first stepped on the bluestone slabs as big as beds, the young boy felt a little nervous. He slowed down his pace and even felt a bit embarrassed, feeling that his grass shoes were dirtying the street.

The first letter that Chen Ping'an delivered was to the Lu family, who had obtained a jade ruyi scepter bestowed by the emperor. When the young boy stood at the door, he felt even more restless. Rich families were particular about many things. Not to mention that the Lu family's house was big; there were also two stone lions placed at the entrance, towering and imposing. Song Jixin said that these things could ward off evil spirits, but Chen Ping'an had no idea what that meant. He was just curious about how the lions with their mouths wide open, as tall as people, seemed to hold a round stone ball in their mouths. How were they carved like that? Chen Ping'an resisted the urge to touch the stone ball, stepped up the steps, and knocked on the bronze lion at the entrance. Soon, a young man came out and opened the door. When he heard that Chen Ping'an was delivering a letter, the man had no expression on his face. He pinched the corner of the envelope with two fingers, took the letter, and quickly walked back into the house, shutting the door heavily, which had a painted statue of the God of Wealth on it.

The process of delivering the letters for the young boy was just as ordinary in other places. At the corner of Taoye Alley, there was a house of little repute, and an old man with a kind face opened the door. After taking the letter, he smiled and said, "Young man, you've worked hard. Do you want to come in and rest, have some hot water?"

The young boy smiled shyly, shook his head, and ran away.

The old man gently put the letter into his sleeve, and instead of immediately returning home, he looked into the distance with a murky gaze.

His gaze lowered, from high to low, from far to near, staring at the peach trees on both sides of the street. The seemingly senile old man squeezed out a smile.

The old man turned and left.

Not long after, a cute little yellow sparrow landed on a peach tree branch. Pecking at its food, it chirped softly.

The last letter that Chen Ping'an needed to deliver was to the schoolteacher who taught at the village school. On the way, he passed by a fortune-telling booth, where a young Taoist priest dressed in old Taoist robes, sat upright behind a table. He wore a tall hat that looked like a blooming lotus.

When the young Taoist saw the young boy running past, he quickly greeted, "Young man, don't miss this opportunity. Come and draw a fortune stick. Let me predict your fortunes for you."

Chen Ping'an didn't stop his footsteps, but turned his head and waved his hand.

The Taoist priest was persistent. Leaning forward, he raised his voice, "Young man, in the past, I charged ten copper coins to readWith a flick of his sleeve, two bamboo skewers slipped out from the sleeve and fell to the ground. The Daoist man exclaimed in surprise, quickly picked them up, and then sneakily looked around. Finding no one paying attention to this side for the moment, he felt relieved and hid the two bamboo skewers back into the loose cuff of his sleeve. The young Daoist man coughed, put on a serious face, and continued to wait patiently for the next customer. He couldn't help but feel that it was indeed easier to make money from women. In fact, the two bamboo skewers hidden in the young Daoist man's sleeve were the highest ranking divination sticks and the lowest ranking divination sticks, both used to earn big money. However, these secrets were not to be revealed to outsiders. The young man naturally had no idea about these profound mysteries. He walked lightly along the way and arrived outside a village school building, surrounded by lush bamboo forests exuding a refreshing greenness. Chen Ping'an slowed down his steps, and inside the house, a middle-aged man's deep and mellow voice sounded, "The sunrise is radiant, the lamb's fur is moist." Then, a clear and crisp childish voice followed, "The sunrise is radiant, the lamb's fur is moist." Chen Ping'an looked up, and the rising sun was majestic and brilliant. The young man was momentarily stunned. When he returned to his senses, the schoolchildren were nodding their heads and reciting a passage according to the teacher's requirements: "At the time of Awakening Insects, the heavens and the earth come to life, and all things begin to flourish. Lying in bed at night and rising early, taking broad steps in the courtyard, a gentleman walks leisurely to cultivate aspirations..." Chen Ping'an stood at the gate of the school, hesitating to speak. The middle-aged scholar with a faint touch of frost on his temples turned his head and walked out of the house gently. Chen Ping'an handed the letter with both hands, respectfully saying, "This is a letter from the teacher." The tall man in a green robe took the envelope and said warmly, "When you have nothing to do, you can come here to listen more often." Chen Ping'an felt a little awkward, as he might not really have time to come and listen to this teacher's lectures. The young man didn't want to deceive him. The man smiled understandingly and said, "No worries, the principles are all in the books, but being a person lies outside of them. You can go now." Chen Ping'an breathed a sigh of relief, said goodbye, and left. After running quite far away, the young man inexplicably turned his head to look back. He saw the teacher still standing at the door, his figure bathed in the sunlight. From a distance, he looked like a deity.Note: This translation used 5567 GPT tokens