It was just starting to brighten, the rooster had yet to crow, but Chen Pingan had already gotten up. The thin blanket couldn't retain any heat, and Chen Pingan had developed the habit of getting up early and staying up late when he was an apprentice in the porcelain-making business. Chen Pingan opened the door and stepped into the soft earth courtyard. After taking a deep breath and stretching, he walked out of the yard and turned to see a delicate figure bent over, carrying a wooden bucket of water on her shoulders and pushing open the gate of her own courtyard. It was Song Jixin, a servant of Song Ji, and she must have just returned from fetching water at the Iron Lock Well in Apricot Blossom Lane.

Chen Pingan averted his gaze, quickly crossed the streets, and ran towards the east side of the town. Mud Bottle Alley was on the west side of the town, and the easternmost gate of the town was responsible for the entry and exit of merchants and the patrol during the curfew. They also collected and delivered letters sent from the outside. The next thing Chen Pingan had to do was to deliver those letters to the people of the town. The reward was one letter for one copper coin, and this was the hard-earned way for him to make money. Chen Pingan had already made arrangements with them to take over this business after the second day of the second month of the lunar calendar.

In Song Jixin's words, it was his fate to be poor and destitute. Even if he had the good fortune to enter someone's household, Chen Pingan couldn't hold onto it or leave a lasting impression. Song Jixin often said some obscure and incomprehensible words, perhaps taken from books. Chen Pingan never quite understood them. For example, a few days ago, he was muttering something about "the freezing cold of early spring freezing young people to death." Chen Pingan didn't understand at all. As for the fact that after surviving the winter, it actually became colder in the first few days of spring, the young people could fully comprehend it. Song Jixin said it was called the "reverse spring chill," just as powerful as a cavalry's spear on the battlefield. Many people would die in these ghostly passes.

The town was not surrounded by city walls, as there were hardly any bandits or thieves, let alone robbers. So, although it was called a city gate, it was actually a row of crooked and dilapidated fences, where people and vehicles could pass through, serving as the face of the town.

When Chen Pingan ran past Apricot Blossom Lane, he saw many women and children gathered by the Iron Lock Well, and the pulley of the well kept creaking.

After turning another street, Chen Pingan soon heard a familiar voice reading not far away. There was a village school there that several wealthy families in the town had pooled their money together to establish. The schoolmaster was an outsider. When Chen Pingan was young, he often ran there and hid outside the window, secretly listening. Although the schoolmaster was strict when teaching, he didn't scold or obstruct Chen Pingan and the other children who sneaked in to study and learn. After Chen Pingan went to work as an apprentice in a kiln outside the town, he never went back to the school.

Continuing on, Chen Pingan passed a stone archway. The archway had twelve stone pillars, so the locals liked to call it the Crab Archway. The real name of the archway, according to Song Jixin and Liu Yangxian, was quite different. Song Jixin firmly believed that in an old book called "Local County Annals", it was referred to as the Grand Scholar Archway, a plaque bestowed by the emperor himself, commemorating the achievements of a high-ranking official in both literature and military. Liu Yangxian, who was just an average person like Chen Pingan, said it was called the Crab Archway and had been called that for hundreds of years. There was no reason to call it the nonsense Grand Scholar Archway. Liu Yangxian even asked Song Jixin, "Just how big is the official hat of a Grand Scholar? Is it even bigger than the mouth of the Iron Lock Well?" This made Song Jixin blush with embarrassment.

At this moment, Chen Pingan jogged around the Crab Archway. Each side of the archway had four large words written on it, with peculiar fonts and different styles. They were "When virtue calls, do not hesitate," "Let words flow naturally," "Do not seek outside," and "Fierce as a charging bull." According to Song Jixin, except for those four words, the other three plaques on the stone carvings had been tampered with and altered. Chen Pingan didn't fully understand these things, but he had never thought deeply about them in his ignorance. Even if he wanted to dig to the bottom of it as a young person, it would be in vain. He didn't even know what the Local County Annals that Song Jixin often mentioned was.

After passing the archway, Chen Pingan soon saw a lush old locust tree. At the base of the tree, there was a tree trunk that had been moved there by someone and slightly chopped. Two pieces of bluestone were placed on the ends of the trunk, creating a makeshift bench. During the summer, the townspeople liked to sit here to cool off. Wealthier families would even fetch a basket of chilled fruits and melons from the well, and the children would play and frolic in the shade of the tree after eating and drinking their fill. Chen Pingan, accustomed to going up the mountains and down to the water, ran to the nearby gate of the fence and stopped in front of the lonely yellow mud house. His heart didn't race, and he wasn't out of breath.

There weren't many outsiders coming and going from the town, and now that the Emperor's Kiln, a money-making tree, had collapsed, there were even fewer new faces. When Old Yao was still alive, he once got drunk and said to Chen Pingan and Liu Yangxian, his apprentices, that they were in a unique business. They were making imperial porcelain for His Majesty the Emperor and the Empress, and even if other commoners were rich or held high positions, if they dared to touch it, they would be beheaded. Old Yao that day had a particularly different aura.

Today, as Chen Pingan looked out beyond the fence, he noticed several people waiting for the city gate to open. There were at least seven or eight of them, men, women, old, and young.

And they were all strangers. The local townspeople rarely used the East Gate for their comings and goings, be it for making porcelain or farming, for a simple reason: the road that extended from the East Gate had no kilns or fields.At this moment, Chen Ping'an and the outsiders were facing each other across a wooden fence, two by two.

At that moment, the young man wearing self-made straw shoes was just a little envious of the thick clothes worn by those people. They must be warm and able to withstand the cold.

The people outside the gate were obviously divided into several groups, not all of them belonging together. But they all looked at the thin young man inside the gate. Most of them had indifferent expressions, but occasionally one or two people would look beyond the young man's figure, gazing at the distant town.

Chen Ping'an felt a little strange. Did these people not know that the imperial court had already banned all Dragon Kilns? Or was it because they knew the truth that they thought there was an opportunity to exploit?

There was a young man with a peculiar tall hat and a slender figure. He wore a green jade pendant around his waist. He seemed impatient and walked out of the crowd alone. He wanted to push open the unlocked gate of the fence. However, just as his fingers were about to touch the wooden door, he suddenly stopped and slowly retracted his hand, clasping them behind his back. He smiled at the straw-shoed young man inside the gate without saying a word.

Out of the corner of Chen Ping'an's eye, he inadvertently noticed that the people behind the young man seemed disappointed, amused, frowning, mocking, or had various subtle emotions. Each person was different.

Just then, a middle-aged man with messy hair suddenly opened the door and scolded Chen Ping'an, "You little bastard, did you grow money in your eyes? You're here so early to hurry up and call your ghost father and mother?!"

Chen Ping'an rolled his eyes. He didn't really care about these sarcastic remarks. Firstly, living in this rural place with scarce books, he wouldn't get annoyed by a few insults. He might as well jump into a well to save himself from trouble. Secondly, this middle-aged bachelor who guarded the gate was already a frequent object of mockery and teasing by the people in the town, especially the bold and fearless women. Not only would they insult him verbally, but there were also quite a few who would physically beat him. Moreover, this man loved boasting to children who wore open-crotch pants. For example, he would say things like "Back in my day, at the city gate, there was a fierce battle. I fought and beat up five or six big men, causing their teeth to scatter all over the ground. The road in front of the city gate, which is two zhang wide, was nearly as muddy as on a rainy day!"

He irritably said to Chen Ping'an, "We'll talk about your useless matters later."

No one in the town paid attention to this guy.

But whether the outsiders could enter the town or not was controlled by the men, granting them the power of life and death.

He walked towards the gate of the wooden fence while reaching into his pants.

This man, with his back to Chen Ping'an, occasionally collected small embroidered bags from people after opening the door, putting them in his sleeve, and then letting them through one by one.

Chen Ping'an had long cleared the way. The eight people could roughly be divided into five groups, heading towards the town. Besides the young man with the tall hat and the green pendant around his waist, two seven or eight-year-old children had also passed by, a boy wearing a festive red robe and a girl looking delicate like fine porcelain.

The boy was about half a head shorter than Chen Ping'an. When the child passed by him, he opened his mouth. Although no sound came out, there was an obvious movement of his lips. He should have said two words, full of provocation.

The middle-aged woman who was holding the boy lightly coughed, and the child slightly restrained himself.

The little girl behind the woman and the snow-haired old man holding her turned to Chen Ping'an and said a long string of words, not forgetting to point and gesture at the boy in front of her, who was of the same age.

Chen Ping'an couldn't understand what the girl was saying, but he could guess that she was complaining and tattling.

The burly old man cast a sidelong glance at the straw-shoed young man, who had just been glanced at intentionally or unintentionally by someone, causing Chen Ping'an to instinctively take a step back.

Like a mouse seeing a cat.

Seeing this scene, the once chattering little girl, like a yellow bird, immediately lost interest in stirring up trouble. She turned her head and no longer glanced at Chen Ping'an as if he would dirty her eyes if she looked at him for too long.

Though young, Chen Ping'an had never been naive. But not waiting for him to think about it, the gatekeeper chuckled and asked, "Do you want to know what they said?"

Chen Ping'an nodded, "Yes."

The middle-aged man laughed and said, "They were praising you for being good-looking, all good words."

Chen Ping'an tugged at the corner of his mouth, thinking to himself, "Do you take me for a fool?"

Seeing through the young man's thoughts, the man laughed even more joyfully, "If you're not a fool, can I let you deliver a message?"

Chen Ping'an didn't dare to retort, afraid that he would annoy this guy and the copper coins within his reach would fly away.

The man turned his head and gazed at those people, rubbing his chin covered in stubble. He whispered, "That woman just now, her legs could crush a person."

Chen Ping'an hesitated for a moment and curiously asked, "Did that lady practice martial arts?"

The man was shocked, looked down at the young man, and said seriously, "You kid, you're really foolish."

The young man was puzzled.

He told Chen Ping'an to wait, and briskly walked towards the house. When he came back, he had a stack of envelopes in his hand, not thick or thin, about ten in total. After handing them to Chen Ping'an, he asked, "Fools have their blessings, and good people have their rewards. Do you believe that?"

Chen Ping'an took the letters in one hand and opened his palm, blinked his eyes, and said, "Didn't we agree on one letter for one penny?"

The man, feeling ashamed, angrily slapped five copper coins onto the young man's palm. With a grand wave of his hand, he said, "The remaining five pennies are still owed!"Note: This translation used 7434 GPT tokens