As the sky gradually brightened and before the rooster crowed, Chen Ping'an had already gotten up. The thin quilt couldn't keep the heat, and Chen Ping'an had developed a habit of waking up early and sleeping late when he was an apprentice in a ceramic studio. Chen Ping'an opened the door and walked into the soft soil courtyard. After taking a deep breath and stretching lazily, he walked out of the yard and saw a slender figure. The figure was hunched over with a wooden bucket of water in her hands, using her shoulder to push open her own yard gate. It was Song Jixin, the maid who worked for the Song family. She must have just come back from fetching water from the well in Xinghua Alley.

Chen Ping'an averted his gaze, ran through the streets and alleys, and headed towards the east side of the town. Muddy Bottle Alley was on the west side of the town, while the most eastern gate of the town was responsible for the entry and exit of merchants and the night patrol. They also collected and delivered letters sent from the outside. Chen Ping'an's task was to deliver those letters to the townspeople, and the reward was a letter and a copper coin. This was the hard-earned way he had managed to earn money. Chen Ping'an had already made an appointment with them to take over this business after the Longtaitou Festival in the second month.

According to Song Jixin, he was born with a poor and miserable destiny. Even if he had good luck entering the family, Chen Ping'an still couldn't hold on to it. Song Jixin often said some cryptic and hard-to-understand words, probably borrowed from books. Chen Ping'an never quite understood them. For example, a couple of days ago, Song Jixin said something about "the bitter cold in spring freezing youths to death," and Chen Ping'an didn't understand at all. As for the fact that it got even colder for a period of time after surviving the winter and entering spring, Chen Ping'an had experienced it himself. Song Jixin called it "reversed spring cold," which was as fierce as a backstabbing spear on the battlefield, and many people would die on these "gates of death."

The town was not surrounded by city walls, as there were few bandits or thieves, let alone robbers. So, the gate was only in name. It was just a row of crooked and dilapidated wooden fences that allowed pedestrians and vehicles to pass through. It was considered the face of the town.

When Chen Ping'an ran past Xinghua Alley, he saw many women and children gathered by the iron lock well, and the well wheel kept creaking.

After turning another corner, Chen Ping'an heard a familiar sound of someone reading not far away. There was a village school on the town, which was funded by several wealthy families. The teacher was an outsider. When Chen Ping'an was young, he often hid outside the window and eavesdropped, listening attentively. Although the teacher was strict in teaching, he didn't scold or stop children like Chen Ping'an from "listening in" on classes. After Chen Ping'an became an apprentice in the Longyao outside the town, he never went to the school again.

Moving forward, Chen Ping'an passed by a stone archway. Due to the twelve stone pillars supporting the archway, the locals liked to call it "Crab Archway." The real name of the archway, according to Song Jixin and Liu Yangxian, was quite different. Song Jixin confidently said that in an old book called "Local County Chronicles," it was named "Grand Scholar Archway," a plaque given by the emperor to commemorate the achievements of a high-ranking official in governance and war. On the other hand, Liu Yangxian, a rustic like Chen Ping'an,Chen Ping'an had long yielded the road. The eight people were roughly divided into five groups and headed towards the town. Besides the young man wearing a tall crown and a green pendant, two children, around the age of seven or eight, had passed by consecutively. The boy was dressed in a brightly colored red robe, while the girl had a delicate and porcelain-like appearance.

The boy was nearly half a head shorter than Chen Ping'an. When the children brushed past him, the boy opened his mouth, although no sound came out. However, there was a clear lip movement, indicating that he had said two words with a provocative tone.

The middle-aged woman who was leading the boy lightly coughed, causing the child to slightly restrain himself. The little girl behind the boy, who was being led by a robust old man covered in white hair, turned her head and said a long string of words to Chen Ping'an, while also pointing and gesturing towards the boy who was her age.

Chen Ping'an couldn't understand what the girl was saying, but he could guess that she was complaining about something.

The robust old man glanced at Chen Ping'an, who had been unintentionally looked at, causing him to subconsciously take a step back.

Like a mouse seeing a cat.

After witnessing this scene, the initially chirpy little girl, who was like a small yellow bird, instantly lost her interest in stirring up trouble. She turned her head and no longer glanced at Chen Ping'an, as if looking at him again would soil her eyes.

Although the young Chen Ping'an was inexperienced, it didn't mean that he couldn't read people's expressions.

As the group of people walked further away, the gatekeeper smiled and asked, "Do you want to know what they said?"

Chen Ping'an nodded and said, "Yes."

The middle-aged bachelor smiled gleefully and said, "They were praising how good-looking you are. It was all good words."

Chen Ping'an tugged at the corner of his mouth, thinking to himself, "Do you take me for a fool?"

Seeing through the young man's thoughts, the gatekeeper laughed even more happily. "If you're not a fool, can I have you deliver some letters?"

Chen Ping'an didn't dare to contradict him, fearing that he might anger this guy, thereby letting the copper coins that were almost in his hand fly away.

The gatekeeper turned his head, looked at the group of people, rubbed his stubbly chin, and muttered in a low voice, "That woman from earlier, her legs can crush people."

Chen Ping'an hesitated for a moment and curiously asked, "Has that lady practiced martial arts?"

The gatekeeper was astounded and looked down at the young man, saying earnestly, "You, kid, are truly foolish."

The young man was confused.

He told Chen Ping'an to wait and strode towards the house. When he returned, he had a stack of envelopes in his hand, not too thick nor too thin, about ten of them. After handing them to Chen Ping'an, the gatekeeper asked, "Fools have their blessings, and good people have their rewards. Do you believe it?"

Chen Ping'an held the letters in one hand and opened his palm with the other, blinking his eyes. "Didn't we agree on one letter for one penny?"

The gatekeeper became furious and slapped five copper coins that he had prepared onto the young man's palm. With a wave of his big hand, he said arrogantly, "You still owe me five pennies!"Note: This translation used 5995 GPT tokens