It was just starting to get light, before the rooster crowed, Chen Ping'an had already gotten up. The thin bedding couldn't retain the warmth, and Chen Ping'an had developed a habit of waking up early and sleeping late when he was an apprentice in the porcelain kiln. Chen Ping'an opened the door, stepped into the soft soil courtyard, took a deep breath, stretched lazily, walked out of the yard, and turned his head to see a slender figure, bending over, carrying a wooden bucket of water with both hands, using her shoulder to push open the gate of her own courtyard. It was Song Jixin, the maidservant of the Song family's firewood collectors, who must have just come back from fetching water from the iron lock well on Apricot Blossom Lane.

Chen Ping'an withdrew his gaze, passed through the streets and alleys, and jogged towards the east side of the small town. Mud Bottle Lane was on the west side of the town, and the easternmost city gate was responsible for the entry and exit of commercial travelers in the small town, as well as night patrols. Usually, they also collected and delivered some family letters sent from outside. What Chen Ping'an had to do next was to deliver those letters to the townspeople. The reward was one copper coin for each letter, which was a difficult way for him to earn money. Chen Ping'an had already made an appointment with them to take over this business after the second day of the second month of the lunar calendar.

As Song Jixin put it, he was destined to be poor and unable to retain anything，even if he had the fortune to enter his home, Chen Ping'an couldn't hold onto it. Song Jixin often said some obscure and difficult-to-understand words, as if they were borrowed from books. Chen Ping'an never really understood them, such as the gibberish he muttered a few days ago about "the cold freezes young lives in the bitter cold of winter". Chen Ping'an didn't understand at all. As for the fact that it gets even colder for a period of time after surviving the winter and entering spring, Chen Ping'an had a personal experience. Song Jixin said that it was called "reverse spring cold" and was as powerful as a cavalry charge on the battlefield, so many people would die at these ghostly gates.

The small town was not surrounded by city walls, after all, there were few bandits and thieves, let alone thieves and thieves. So, nominally, it was a city gate, but it was actually a row of old, crooked fences. It was just enough for pedestrians and vehicles to pass, so it was the face of this small town.

When Chen Ping'an jogged past Apricot Blossom Lane, he saw many women and children gathered around the iron lock well, and the well was squeaking and creaking.

After bypassing a street, Chen Ping'an heard a familiar sound of reading not far away. There was a village school there, which was opened by several wealthy families in the small town pooling their money. The teacher was from outside the town. When Chen Ping'an was young, he often hid outside the window and listened secretly. Although the teacher was very strict when teaching, he did not scold or stop children like Chen Ping'an who "eavesdropped on reading and learning". Later, when Chen Ping'an went to a dragon kiln outside the small town to become an apprentice, he never went to the village school again.

Moving forward again, Chen Ping'an passed by a stone archway, which was called Crab Archway by the locals because it had twelve stone pillars. The real name of this archway was very different from the opinions of Song Jixin and Liu Yangxian, who were both local people. Song Jixin solemnly declared that in an old book called County Chronicles, it was called Grand Academician Archway, a plaque bestowed by the emperor to commemorate the achievements of a high-ranking official in governing with culture and martial arts. Liu Yangxian, who was just an ordinary person like Chen Ping'an, said that it was Crab Archway, which had been called that for hundreds of years. There was no reason to call it some nonsensical Grand Academician Archway. Liu Yangxian also asked Song Jixin a question, "Just how big is the official hat of the Grand Academician? Is it bigger than the mouth of the iron lock well?" Song Jixin's face turned red.

At this time, Chen Ping'an ran a lap around the twelve-legged archway, with four big characters on each side, the fonts were strange and different from each other. They were "Do not let go of the righteous path", "Wish for natural words", "Do not seek outside" and "The momentum is like charging bulls". According to Song Jixin, except for those four characters, the other three plaques had been smeared and tampered with. Chen Ping'an didn't understand much about these things, and he had never thought deeply about it. Of course, even if the young man wanted to dig deeper, it would be in vain. He didn't even know what book the County Chronicles that Song Jixin often mentioned was.

After passing the archway, it didn't take long for Chen Ping'an to see a lush old locust tree. Under the tree, there was a tree trunk that was moved here by someone unknown, chopped roughly, and two pieces of bluestone were placed under the ends. This section of the big tree became a makeshift bench. In the summer, the townspeople liked to sit here and enjoy the coolness. The wealthy families would even take out a basket of ice-cold fruits from the well for the children to eat their fill and have fun under the shade of the tree. Chen Ping'an was used to climbing mountains and swimming in the water. He ran to the vicinity of the gate and stopped at the lonely yellow mud house, his heart steady and his breath calm.

Not many outsiders came and went in the small town. According to reason, now that the cash cow of the official kiln has collapsed, there will be even fewer new faces. When Old Yao was still alive, he once got drunk and said to Chen Ping'an and Liu Yangxian, his apprentices, that what they were doing was the only business of its kind in the world—official kilns. It was porcelain for the emperor and empress. Even if other commoners were rich, or even held high-ranking positions, they would not dare to touch it, otherwise they would be beheaded. Old Yao was in particularly good spirits that day.

Today, Chen Ping'an looked outside the fence and found that many people were waiting for the city gate to open, there were as many as seven or eight people, men, women, young and old, and they were all strangers. It was rare for the locals to pass through the East Gate for their porcelain making or farming activities. The reason was simple. The road outside the East Gate of the small town didn't lead to any dragon kilns or fields.At this moment, Chen Ping'an and the outsiders stood facing each other across a wooden fence. The young boy wearing homemade grass shoes couldn't help but envy the thick clothes worn by the outsiders. They must be warm, able to withstand the cold. The outsiders outside the gate seemed to be divided into several groups, not all of them belonging to the same party. However, they all looked at the skinny boy inside the gate, most of them with indifferent expressions. There were occasional individuals whose gazes had already passed the boy's figure and looked towards the town further ahead. Chen Ping'an was puzzled. Did these people not know that the government had already banned all dragon kilns? Or were they aware of the truth and felt there was an opportunity to take advantage? There was a young man wearing a strange tall hat and a long, slender figure. He had a green jade pendant hanging at his waist. He seemed impatient and walked out of the crowd alone, wanting to push open the unlocked gate. However, just as his fingers were about to touch the wooden door, he suddenly stopped abruptly and slowly retracted his hand, clasping them behind his back. He smiled and looked at the boy with grass shoes inside the gate, not saying a word. Chen Ping'an's peripheral vision innocently noticed that the people behind the young man seemed disappointed, amused, frowning, or mocking. Their emotions were subtle and varied. Just at that moment, a middle-aged man with messy hair suddenly opened the door and angrily scolded Chen Ping'an, "You little bastard, have you lost your mind? Did you come early in the morning to urge your soul to death? Do you want to hurry up and be reincarnated to meet your dead parents?!" Chen Ping'an rolled his eyes and didn't take these sarcastic words to heart. Firstly, living in this countryside where there were hardly any books, if he got angry just from being scolded a few times, he might as well jump into a well and be done with it, saving himself the trouble. Secondly, this middle-aged bachelor who guarded the gate was already a subject of ridicule and jokes by the townspeople, especially the bold and audacious women who not only scolded him but even physically attacked him. In addition, he loved bragging to children wearing open-crotch pants, such as how he had a great battle at the city gate in the past, where he fought and beat up five or six big men, leaving them toothless and covered in blood. The road that was two zhang wide in front of the city gate was just as muddy as a rainy day! Chen Ping'an, not in a good mood, said, "We can talk about your trivial matters later." No one took this guy seriously in the town. However, although the townspeople didn't consider him important, he held the power of life and death over whether the outsiders could enter the town. He walked towards the wooden gate while reaching into his pants. This man, who had his back to Chen Ping'an, collected small embroidered bags from people from time to time, putting them in his sleeve, and then allowing them to pass one by one. Chen Ping'an had long given way to the road, and the eight people were roughly divided into five groups, walking towards the town. Besides the young man with the tall hat and the green pendant, there were two children, aged seven or eight, who had already passed by. The boy was wearing a red robe that looked festive, while the girl looked delicate and tender, like a good piece of porcelain. The boy was about half a head shorter than Chen Ping'an. When the child passed by him, he opened his mouth, though no sound came out. However, there was an obvious lip shape, indicating that he had said two words full of provocation. The middle-aged woman who was holding the boy coughed lightly, and only then did the child calm down slightly. The girl behind the middle-aged woman and the snow-haired elderly man walked past. She turned to Chen Ping'an and said a series of words, occasionally pointing and instructing the boy in front of her who was the same age. Chen Ping'an couldn't understand what the girl was saying, but he could guess that she was complaining. The bulky elderly man glanced at Chen Ping'an, who had simply taken a casual glance at him, and Chen Ping'an subconsciously took a step back. Like a mouse seeing a cat. After seeing this scene, the formerly chatty little girl, like a yellow sparrow, immediately lost interest in fanning the flames and turned her head, no longer sparing a second glance at Chen Ping'an as if it would dirty her eyes. Although young Chen Ping'an was inexperienced, it didn't mean he didn't understand expressions. When the group of people had gone far away, the man guarding the gate smiled and asked, "Do you want to know what they said?" Chen Ping'an nodded, "Yes." The middle-aged bachelor laughed mischievously, "They praised your good looks, all positive words." Chen Ping'an smirked, thinking to himself, "Do you think I'm stupid?" The man saw through the young boy's thoughts and laughed even more joyfully, "If you're not stupid, would I let you deliver the message?" Chen Ping'an didn't dare argue, afraid of angering him and losing the copper coins that were about to be in his hands. The man turned his head to look at those people, rubbing his stubble-covered chin with his hand, and muttered, "That woman a moment ago could strangle a person with her legs." Chen Ping'an hesitated for a moment and curiously asked, "Has that lady trained in martial arts?" The man was stunned, looking down at the young boy, and said seriously, "You kid, you're really silly." The young boy was bewildered. He instructed Chen Ping'an to wait and strode towards the house. When he came back, he had a stack of envelopes in his hand, not thick or thin, about ten or so. After giving them to Chen Ping'an, he asked, "Good things happen to foolish people, and good deeds bring good rewards. Do you believe it?" Chen Ping'an held the letters in one hand and opened his palm, blinking his eyes. "We agreed that it would be one letter for one copper coin." The man, feeling embarrassed, resolutely slapped the five copper coins that he had prepared against the young boy's palm. With a grand gesture, he said, "The remaining five coins are owed for now!"Note: This translation used 7269 GPT tokens