The town was neither big nor small, with over six hundred households. Chen Ping'an was familiar with the poor families in the town, but the wealthy families were inaccessible to him. Some of the well-off families gathered in spacious alleys, which Chen Ping'an had never set foot in. The streets there were paved with large, smooth bluestones that did not turn into mud when it rained. These bluestones, after being walked on by people and vehicles for thousands of years, had become as smooth as mirrors.

The surnames Lu, Li, Zhao, and Song were prominent in the town. The money for the local school came from these families, and they owned two to three large dragon kilns outside the city. The official residences of the kiln supervisors were located on the same street as these families.

Unfortunately, almost all of the ten letters Chen Ping'an had to deliver today were for well-known prosperous families in the town. It was reasonable since those who could afford to travel far from home to send letters must come from wealthy families. Among the nine letters, Chen Ping'an only went to two places: Fulu Street and Taoye Lane. When he first stepped on the bluestones as large as beds, the young boy felt a bit anxious and slowed down his pace. Surprisingly, he even felt a sense of self-shame, thinking that his grass shoes had dirtied the streets.

The first letter Chen Ping'an delivered was to the Lu family, who had received an emperor's gift of a jade Ruyi scepter in the past. Standing at their doorstep, the young boy became even more nervous.

Rich families liked to display their wealth, and apart from the grand size of the Lu family's mansion, there were also two stone lions placed at the entrance, imposing and majestic. Song Jixin had said that these things could ward off evil spirits, but Chen Ping'an had no idea what evil spirits were. He was just curious about the round stone balls in the mouths of the tall lions. How were they carved? Chen Ping'an resisted the urge to touch the stone ball, climbed the stairs, and knocked on the door with the bronze lion's head. Soon, a young man opened the door. When he heard that Chen Ping'an was there to deliver a letter, the man's expression remained unchanged. He used two fingers to pinch the corner of the envelope, took the letter, and quickly walked back into the mansion, closing the door heavily behind him, which had a painted statue of the God of Wealth on it.

The rest of the letter deliveries by the young boy were just as ordinary. When he arrived at the corner of Taoye Lane, he was greeted by a kind-looking elderly man from an unknown family. After receiving the letter, the old man smiled and said, "Young man, you've worked hard. Do you want to come in and rest, have a cup of hot water?"

The young boy smiled shyly, shook his head, and ran off.

The old man gently put the letter into his sleeve and didn't hurry back to his house. He looked into the distance, his gaze hazy.

Finally, his gaze moved from high to low, from far to near, and settled on the peach trees lining the street. The seemingly confused old man squeezed out a smile.

Then he turned and walked away.

Not long after, a cute little yellow bird landed on a branch of a peach tree. Its beak pecked at the tender leaves, chirping softly.

The last letter that Chen Ping'an needed to deliver was to the teacher at the local school. On the way, he passed by a fortune-telling stall where a young Taoist priest in old Daoist robes sat upright behind a table. He wore a tall hat that resembled a blooming lotus flower.

When the young Taoist priest saw the young boy running past, he quickly greeted him, "Young man, don't miss your chance. Come and draw a divination stick. I can help you predict your fortune."

Chen Ping'an didn't stop but turned his head and waved his hand.

The Taoist priest persisted, leaning forward and raising his voice, "Young man, in the past, I charged ten coins for a divination, but today I'll make an exception and only ask for three coins from you! Of course, if you draw a top-ranked stick, you may want to give an extra coin as a lucky gift. And if it's a truly auspicious sign, I will only charge you five coins. How about it?"

Chen Ping'an's footsteps hesitated for a moment in the distance. The young Taoist priest quickly stood up, seizing the opportunity. He loudly said, "It's early in the morning, and you're my first customer. I'm going to be generous and only ask for three coins from you. If you sit down and draw a divination stick, I can write some yellow talisman characters for you, which can pray for blessings from your ancestors and accumulate virtue. With my abilities, I won't dare to say that it will bring you great wealth and fortune, but if it can bring you 1-2 extra blessings, it's worth a try." Chen Ping'an hesitated for a moment and then turned back, sitting on the bench in front of the stall.

A plain Taoist priest and a shabby young boy, two penniless individuals, sat facing each other.So if it's a holiday or festival and the townsfolk spend ten copper coins just to have good luck, that's acceptable. But if they encounter any troubles, no one would be willing to be a fool. If this Taoist priest is a complete fraud, it would be unfair to him. This town is small, if he could only deceive people and cheat, he would have been thrown out long ago. So this young Taoist's abilities must be more than just fortune telling and divination. However, when it comes to minor ailments, many people who drink the priest's symbol water recover quickly, which is quite effective.

The young Taoist shook his head and said, "I always keep my word. I charge five copper coins for fortune telling and writing symbols."

Chen Ping'an whispered, "It's three copper coins."

The Taoist laughed, "But what if you draw a top-quality fortune? Then it would be worth five copper coins."

Chen Ping'an made up his mind and reached out to take the divination tube. Suddenly, he looked up and asked, "How did you know that I happened to have five copper coins with me?"

The Taoist sat upright and said, "I can see a person's fortune and wealth accurately. I am very good at it."

Chen Ping'an thought for a moment and picked up the divination tube.

The Taoist smiled and said, "Young man, don't be nervous. What is meant to happen will happen. Don't force things that are not meant to be. Treat uncertainties with a calm mind, that is the best approach."

Chen Ping'an put the divination tube back on the table, solemnly asked, "Master, I will give you all five copper coins, but I won't draw the fortune. Can you please write the yellow symbol paper better than usual?"

The Taoist smiled as usual, thought for a moment, and nodded, "Alright."

On the table, the writing materials were ready. The Taoist carefully asked for Chen Ping'an's parents' names, birthplaces, and birthdates. He took out a piece of yellow symbol paper and quickly wrote, flawlessly.

As for what he wrote, Chen Ping'an had no idea.

Putting down the pen, the young Taoist picked up the symbol paper and blew on the ink marks, "When you take it home, stand inside the door and burn the yellow paper outside the door."

The young man received the symbol paper with great seriousness, carefully treasured it, and didn't forget to put five copper coins on the table as a token of appreciation.

The young Taoist waved his hand, signaling the young man to go about his business.

Chen Ping'an ran off to deliver his final letter.

The Taoist lazily leaned back on his chair, glanced at the copper coins, bent down and picked them up in his hand.

At that moment, a small and delicate yellow sparrow flew down from above and lightly pecked at one of the copper coins before losing interest and flew away.

"The yellow sparrow intends to pick the flowers, but your peach tree hasn't bloomed yet."

The Taoist calmly recited this poem and sighed, "You can't expect more than what's destined."

With a flick of his sleeve, two bamboo divination sticks slipped out from his sleeve and fell on the ground. The Taoist made an exclamation and quickly picked them up. Then he looked around cautiously and found that no one was paying attention, so he felt relieved, and hid the two bamboo divination sticks in his loose sleeve. The young Taoist coughed, straightened his face, and continued to wait for the next customer.

He couldn't help but feel a bit emotional. It was indeed easier to earn money from women.

Actually, the two bamboo divination sticks hidden in the young Taoist's sleeve were used to make big money.

No need to tell outsiders about it.

The young man naturally didn't understand these secrets. He walked lightly and arrived at the village school, surrounded by lush bamboo groves.

Chen Ping'an slowed down his pace and heard a middle-aged man's deep voice from inside the house, "The sun rises brightly, and the lamb's skin is soaked."

Then followed by a clear and sweet childish voice, "The sun rises brightly, and the lamb's skin is soaked."

Chen Ping'an looked up and saw the rising sun, shining brightly.

The young man was mesmerized.

When he snapped out of his trance, the school children were shaking their heads and reciting a passage as instructed, "At the time of 'Jingzhe', the world comes alive, and everything begins to thrive. Sleep early, rise early, take wide steps in the courtyard. A gentleman walks slowly to nurture his ambitions..."

Chen Ping'an stood at the gate of the school, hesitant to speak.

The middle-aged Confucian scholar with some white hair turned his head and walked out of the house gently.

Chen Ping'an respectfully handed over the envelope and said, "This is for you, sir."

The tall man in a green robe took the envelope and said warmly, "When you have free time, you can come here to listen."

Chen Ping'an was a bit embarrassed because he wasn't sure if he would have the time to come and listen to this gentleman's teachings. He didn't want to deceive him.

The man smiled and understood, "It's okay, the principles are all in the books, but how to be a good person is beyond the books. Now, go about your business."

Chen Ping'an breathed a sigh of relief and took his leave.

After running quite far away, the young man inexplicably turned around and looked back.

He saw the gentleman still standing at the gate, his figure bathed in sunlight, appearing godlike from a distance.Note: This translation used 6667 GPT tokens